Last one we have here is
product image.ts
and this one doesn't require any rules.
It's pretty simple.
We'll go into our fields here
and above the fields,
we give ourselves our access.
So create, who should be able to create?
Well you have to be, is signed in
and anyone who has signed in can create a product,
so they can also create a product image.
The read,
anyone can read the image.
So that will be true.
The update
is only we're gonna restrict updating
of product images strictly
to people that have the permission.
So say permissions
.can
manage products.
And if again if we look at our fields,
we have something called
can manage products.
There we go, it's that one.
And then same for deleting them as well.
That's it, that is access control for all of our lists.
It's a little bit to get to go through them all
and make sure you've got them all squared away.
But once you start to get the hang
of this idea of permission check marks
and then rules that are based on filters or having access
then you sort of get into the groove of it
and you can do a great job with that.
I really like how Keystone implements this.
See you in the next one.